SAVE ENERGY AND SIMPLIFY LIFE
If you have outdoor appliances that you regularly turn on and off throughout the day to avoid high energy bill, then this Wi-Fi connected smart outlet is for you. Designed to take up as little room as possible, this smart Wi-Fi enabled outdoor outlet is still capable of taking on even some of the most power-hungry outdoor equipment. With a 15A/1875W resistive (8A/1000W Tungsten) limit, it can handle just about any outdoor equipment you can throw at it. It may not be compatible with pumps or vacuums with high horsepower rating.
CONNECTS WITH BRAUMM APP
Connecting to the Braumm app means you can control connected devices without ever leaving the comfort of your own home. The outdoor outlet is also compatible with Alex and Google Home, meaning you can control your outdoor equipment with just your voice.
WEATHERPROOF
Be it rain, snow, sleet or hail, this rugged Wi-Fi-enabled outdoor power socket is designed to handle it all. The thick, well-made IP32 Rated cable will resist fraying and exposing bare wires to the elements, as both ends feature heavy duty strain relief.
CONTROL YOUR OUTDOOR EQUIPMENT FROM INDOORS
The outlet can connect to your Wi-Fi and the Braumm app, meaning you’ll never have to go outside to turn your outdoor equipment on again. Just use your phone to manually switch the power on and off, or set a schedule that you can set and forget. Save money on your electricity bill - no effort required.
BRAUMM Outdoor WiFi Smart Plug BRAUMM Alarm Sensor BRAUMM WiFI Smart Plug BRAUMM Smart Switch
Control from Anywhere ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Push Notification ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
WiFi (2.4GHz only) ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Set Schedules ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
No Hub Required ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Dusk to Dawn Mode X X ✓ ✓
Alexa / Google Assistant Compatible On/Off Open/Close On/Off On/Off
Suitable for Outdoor Electronics, Lighting, Fountain, Pool Door, Window Indoor Electronics, Lighting, Small Appliances Single Pole Indoor Lighting/Fan
Unique Features Can be used without WiFi, Energy Saving Can be used without WiFi Can be used without Wifi, Energy Saving Can be used without WiFi, Energy Saving
Multi Packs 1 Pack 1 Pack 1 Pack, 2 Pack, 4 Pack 1 Pack, 2 Pack, 4 Pack
Specifications
Power Input: 125v/60hz
Max Power: 15A/1875 Resistive, 8A/1000W Tungsten
WiFi: 2.4GHz IEEE802.1b/g/n
overall length: 26cm
cable length: 16cm