All You Need is an iOS Device (and Wi-Fi)
To set up and commission these products, you need an iOS device like an iPhone or an iPad that is running iOS11 or later. And of course you need a Wi-Fi network. The Legrand Home products require a 2.4GHz Wi-Fi network so make sure your iOS device is connected to a 2.4GHz (and not a 5GHz) network.
Remote Access? Scenes? Automations? CHECK!
Whether that means checking in to make sure the lights are off when you’re on vacation or having the porch lights turn on at dusk so you never come home to a dark house again. Scenes and devices can even be automated based on time of day, arriving or leaving home, or even triggered based on other devices.
Use the Apple Home App or Legrand Home App
If you’re an Apple enthusiast or someone who already has other HomeKit accessories, it’s simple to use the Apple Home app to setup the products. The Legrand Home devices will integrate seamlessly into your Apple Home ecosystem.
Voice Controlled
Control your lights with the voice assistant of your choice: Siri, Alexa, or the Google Assistant. As HomeKit-enabled products, these work natively with Siri as soon as the device is setup. Prefer Alexa or the Google Assistant? Then download the Legrand Home app on the App Store, select Assistant on the bottom tab, and link your account to Alexa via Alexa Skill or Google Home via Google Action.
No Hub Required!
Make any room smarter with simple to install and easy to use products: Uses traditional electrical devices with a little knowledge of electrical installation you can do it your own. With this user friendly product, you won't believe how easy this is to install and operate.
Part of the radiant Collection by Legrand
Sleek, ergonomic style matches other devices in the radiant Collection of home electrical devices by Legrand for seamless sophistication. the radiant HomeKit hardwire switches and dimmers also include a screwless wall plate to give you easy and sophisticated control at the wall.
Apple Enthusiast? We've Got You Covered.
The Apple Home app can also be used to seamlessly integrate your Legrand lights into the Apple HomeKit ecosystem. Automated control & remote access requires an Apple TV with tvOS 11 or later, an iPad with iOS 11 or later, or a HomePod set up as a home hub
Legrand Home App
Available for iOS only. Use the Legrand Home app to control your lights, set scenes, create automations and more. Connect with other HomeKit accessories for a complete home solution. HomeKit Technology provides advanced security with end-to-end encryption and authentication between a HomeKit-enabled accessory and your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch.
Multi Location Control
The Smart On/Off Switch (HKRL10) can be paired with the Smart 3-Way On/Off Switch (HKRL20) so you can control the same light from two different locations. Have a light that needs control from more than two locations? You can pair up to three of the HKRL20 to one HKRL10. The only thing to remember is that the HKRL20 and HKRL60 do not work on their own. The HKRL20 needs an HKRL10 to function. The HKRL60 needs an HKRL50 to function.
In-Wall Smart Switch In-Wall Smart Tru-Universal Dimmer In-Wall Smart Remote Switch In-Wall Smart Remote Dimmer Smart Plug-in Switch Smart Plug-in Tru-Universal Dimmer
Manufacturer Part No. HKRL10WH HKRL50WH HKRL20WH HKRL60WH HKRP10 HKRP20
Works with Apple Homekit ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Alexa ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Google Assistant ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Existing Wi-Fi - No Hub Required ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Requires iOS Device for Setup & Use ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Remote Access & Automated Scenes ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Compatible Loads 120VAC / 60 Hz / 15A resistive | 1800W incandescent/halogen | 15A standard/electronic ballast | 5A LED | ½ HP motor 700W incandescent/halogen | 450W LED/CFL | 5.5A EFL | 500VA MLV 120VAC / 60 Hz 120VAC / 60 Hz 120VAC / 60 Hz / 15A resistive | 1800W incandescent/halogen | 15A standard/electronic ballast | 5A LED | ½ HP motor 300W incandescent/halogen | 300W CFL/EFL | 1A LED/ballast | 300VA MLV
Matching radiant Screwless Wall Plate Included ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ No wall plate required No wall plate required