Smart Plug Amysen
Amysen Smart Plug 2.4GHz WiFi Only
Works with Alexa
Works with Google Assistant
Schedule
Timer
Group Control
Countdown function
Share to Families
Smart Plug
Size: 50mm*50mm*50mm
Max Load/Max Power: 10A, 1250W
Material: Flame retardant PC
Compatible with: Alexa/Google Home
Certification: ETL, FCC
Stable Wi-Fi Connect: Within 160ft & 3 walls
Indoor or Outdoor: indoor
Simple Set UP
Timer Schedule
Every single time-set those up on a schedule serve you according to your daily routine and preferences. Turn off the light after you go on the bed, or get a coffee even before you're out of bed.
Away Mode
Improve your home security by turning appliances like lamps on and off at random intervals to make it look like you’re home even when you’re not.
Voice Control
Use simple voice commands with your smart plug and any Alexa, Google Assistant or Microsoft Cortana. Turn off your lamp without ever leaving your bed or touching your phone.
Wireless Control from Anywhere
With Amysen smart plug, you can create scene modes, scheduling your home devices on/off at sunrise/sunset automatically before you leave home or back home. Add your fan to Scene Schedule List,It can be turned on automatically when the temperature is high even though you’re sleeping. Running your house smarter and effectively.
Voice Control with Voice Assistants
When Alexa and Google Home sync with Cloud Intelligence App, Amysen smart plug gives hands-free voice control with Amazon Alexa and Google Home to turn on/off your lamps, appliances or your devices group all over your home. Just using your voice to command and you will get what you want: ”Alexa, turn on the lights.” “Okay.”
Timer Schedule and Countdown on App
Cloud Intelligence App compatible with iOS and Android smart phone. Sets multiple Timer Schedules and Countdown on App to turn on/off your fan, coffee maker, lamps at your pre-set time, say goodbye to multi-time click switch by hands. lets you do amazing things with your computer and phone.
Scene Modes with Smart Home
With Amysen smart plug, you can create scene modes, scheduling your home devices on/off at sunrise/sunset automatically before you leave home or back home. Add your fan to Scene Schedule List,It can be turned on automatically when the temperature is high even though you’re sleeping. Running your house smarter and effectively.