Deal your Smart Life with Smart Home Appliances!
No matter where you are, in-home, office, or outside, the WBM Smart Wi-Fi Socket controls the home appliances through the WBM Smart App. Control your electronic devices from anywhere around your home with the Wi-Fi Smart Socket that easily connects to the Wi-Fi network in no time. This mini Wi-Fi plug supports the current load of 15A and controls the devices like laptops, tablets, mobile phones, and other smart devices. You can enjoy the hands-free convenience of the Smart Plug Wi-Fi Outlet with ease.
Smart Wi-Fi Plug Make Your Life Easy, Switch Appliances Onn & Off on Just One Call
Small, simple, and smart WBM Wi-Fi Socket frees up your hands using the voice commands that work well with Amazon Alexa and Hey Google. You can control the smart devices through voice commands. This Smart Plug is compact-sized that has a single socket and requires no hub. Set the devices as a home hub and remain connected with the Wi-Fi network. Easily connect the smart devices on the Smart Socket with your family and enjoy the smart convenience in your life.
Specifications:
Power Supply: AC 100V-125V, 50/60 Hz
Load Current: 15A Max.
Operating Temperature: 20-45o C
Wi-Fi Network: 2.4G 802.11 b/g/n
Designed for Handy & Safe Use For Home - WBM SMART
This WBM Smart Mini Wi-Fi Plug provides multiple protections against over-current, over-loading and over-voltage issues. This smart Plug is safe to use by the disabled and elder people. You require a Wi-Fi connection of 2.4G to connect the smart devices in your home. Control the devices with the advanced Mini Wi-Fi Outlet and smartphones.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
How many AC sockets do the WBM Smart Wi-Fi Plug has? This WBM Smart Wi-Fi Plug has a single socket.
Does this Smart Wi-Fi Socket have wireless charging? No, this Smart Wi-Fi Socket does not have wireless charging.
Does this Smart Plug work well with Amazon Alexa and Hey Google? Yes, this smart plug is compatible with Amazon Alexa and Hey Google.
Does the Mini Plug require a Wi-Fi network connection? Yes, this Mini Plug requires a Wi-Fi network connection of 2.4G.
Does this device protect from overload, over-current, and over-voltage issues? WBM Smart Wi-Fi Socket protects against overload, over-current and over-voltage issues.
What is the maximum current load that the Smart Outlet bears? This Smart Wi-Fi Outlet bears the maximum current load of 15A.
Is it suitable for both indoor and outdoor use? No, this Smart Mini Wi-Fi Plug is suitable for indoor use.