EVA LOGIK WF31TS Smart 3 Way Dimmer Switch is designed to provide easy on/off and dimming control of incandescent, and dimmable fluorescent and LED lighting. Not only does it allow for manual control, but also remote.
IMPORTANT: Must have Neutral Wire for this to work, please check your wiring prior to purchasing.
Smart Switch, Remote Control
Control your devices from anywhere with your mobile phone. You can set automatic schedules for your light easily, sleep time, working days, rest days, and control the use of home appliances according to different scenarios to make them work on time. Create schedules for all your smart devices to automate your home.
Power: 120 V AC, 60 Hz
Wireless Frequency: 2.4GHz (not support 5.0 GHz)
Maximum Loads: 500W Single-gang, 400W Double-gang, 300W Triple-gang Incandescent, 150W CFL or LED
Minimum Load: 5W for LED bulbs
Range: Up to 100 feet line of sight
Operating Temperature: 32-104° F (0-40° C)
App Name: Smart Life
For indoor use
Affordable 3-Way Solution
Work with regular 3-way switches, no special companion switch needed!
Can be used with a regular ON/OFF (non-smart) switch.
NOTE: "Non-Smart" switch has to be an On/off 3-way, not a dimming 3-way.
Single and 3 way switch, not support 4 way!
Dimming Capabilities
Works with most popular dimmable LED, CFL, halogen, the dimming range allowed by the lamp will also affect the switch dimming range.
Remembers last dim state after a power outage.
Make sure the load you are about to connect does not exceed 500W for incandescent lights or 150W for dimmable CFL or LED, not less than 5W for LED bulbs.
Not recommended for use with non dimming bulbs (No dimmer function).
Can't connect with fan.
WF31TS Toggle Switch More Functions
Simple Manual Control
The switch can be used as a normal light switch, you can turn on/off the light, long press to adjust brightness.
Voice Control
Works with Amazon Alexa/ Google Assistant/ SmartThings (sold separately) to enable voice control.
Time Schedule & Personalized Control
Automatically control the lamps according to your schedule and preferences, which can make your life easier, save energy and reduce costs.
Schedule timed events or create custom scenes. When you are out, the lights are automatically turned on and off to give a lived-in look, thereby helping to improve home safety.