Voice Control
Free up your hands by using simple voice commands with Echo.
Voice Control Remote Control BLE Mesh Function
Count Down Timer
Set a timer for your connected appliance to automatically turn off when the time runs out.
Count Down Timer Schedule Your Home Grouping Function
No matter 2.4G and 5G
Exioty smart plug connects to Alexa Echo via BLE Mesh, regardlessof 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz WiFi networks.
Security Protection
Exioty uses Fire resistant 1383°F ABS material and high-quality chips and provide overload protection to ensure the safety of family members.
Don't Slow down Your WiFi
Network connection is through the Alexa Echo, and not directly connected to the WiFi network.
Security and Privacy
Enjoy ultimate privacy with Mesh smart plug. No other cloud, no registration, and no data tracking.
Simple To Set Up
With Bluetooth simple setup, you can make your home smart in a snap. All you need is the Alexa app or Echo to control your outlet from anywhere.
We want you to know：
This is a Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) Mesh smart plug,network connection requires Alexa Echo, and the smart plug connect to Alexa Echo via BLE Mesh.
Check that your paired plug is within 30 ft (9 m) of your Alexa Echo. (if there is an indoor barrier, the distance cannot exceed 10 ft).
Make sure the Echo is online before setting up the smart plug.Set the plugs one by one, and do not pairing multiple plugs at the same time.
Exioty Smart Plug is optimized for simple setup and exclusive use with Alexa,and not support extra Apps or other voice assistants,don't compatible with Smart Life,Homekit,Google home and SmartThings.
Exioty Smart Plug Excllent IoT for you
EX-1
EX-2
EX-3
EX-4
Smart Device Compatibility
Bluetooth Low Energy Mesh Bluetooth Low Energy Mesh Bluetooth Low Energy Mesh Bluetooth Low Energy Mesh
Max Current
10A 10A 10A 10A
Number of Sockets
4 4 4 4
Rated Voltage
AC 120V AC 120V AC 120V AC 120V
Control Methods
Voice+App Control Voice+App Control Voice+App Control Voice+App Control