KMC WiFi Mini Smart Plug
The KMC Wi-Fi Smart Plug Mini 4-Outlet allows you to create customized schedules for your appliances so that they run on your schedule. You’ll find that automating your devices will help streamline your daily routine for a more efficient household.
Smart plugs connect electrical equipment to Wi-Fi, control all electrical equipment at any time via 2.4G or Wi-Fi at any location
A simple timer function, you can protect the equipment safety, and can also control your excessive use of electricity.Smart Life APP interface profile and easy to use
Better Take Care Yourself and your children
With the scheduling benefits of a Smart Plug, you can schedule the operating hours of your devices. and you have better control over your child’s daily activities. Make sure the television is turned off when they should be doing homework, the KMC will help make sure your kids and you are well-rested and ready for the next day.
Individual control function
The smart plug has 4-outlet, there is a "always on" outlet and 3 individual control light outlet. The individual control function can meet the requirements of each device, when you do not use this jack, other devices will not be affected. It not only saves space but also high usage rate. you can control the smart plug using the KMC Smart or Smart Life app.
Please Note: When you use individual-control jack, remember to name each jack on the KMC app or Smart Life app, in order to distinguish them.
Energy Monitoring
You could check on your devices status conveniently on the Smart Life App which allows you to add multiple appliances. Learn which devices consume the most energy, and create schedules so that you can save money on your next electrical bill.

Share Smart Life
Can share the smart plug with your family by sharing the device. The KMC Smart Wi-Fi Plug made you and your family relationships even more intimate. Convenient smart mini plug makes you happy every day.
Add More Features with IFTTT
'If This, Then That' is a free web-based service that lets you do amazing things with your KMC Smart. Turn lamps, coffee makers, fans and other electronics on when you get near home or off when you leave. With IFTTT, KMC Smart can even flash the lights when your favorite team scores a goal.






Work with Alexa, Google Assistant
Step 1: Set your Echo Speaker by Alexa APP/Google Home APP. Step 2: Enable a Skill which is "KMC" in Alexa APP/Google Home App. Step 3: Link your KMC account to skill. Step 4: Discover the smart plug and control your device with voice.
Note: Set up KMC before setting up Alexa/Google Home.
Remote Control from Anywhere
Have the Smart Plug work for you when you’re out of town. All home appliances connected to the smart plugs are controlled in one App. Set it to Away Mode, and the Smart Plug will automatically turn the light on and off to give the appearance that someone is home.
No Hub Required
No confusing central hubs to set up here. The KMC simply connects to your home network. Just enter your Wi-Fi password and you’re good to go.