Make your home smart
Amazon Smart Plug lets you voice control your lights, fans, coffee makers, and more. All you need is an Alexa-enabled device like Echo, Fire TV, Fire tablet, Sonos One, or even just the Alexa app on your phone. With multiple Amazon Smart Plugs, you can control multiple outlets.
Set up helpful routines
Use the Alexa app to create routines for your Amazon Smart Plug that make life easier. For example, set a morning routine that turns on lights and your coffee maker with a single request.
Make it look like you're homeWith Away Lighting, Alexa can automatically turn connected lights on and off to make it look like you’re home when you’re away.
To use Away Lighting, all you need is a light connected to an Amazon Smart Plug and the Alexa app. Connect your plug to a lamp, then let Alexa know when you come and go. Learn about Away Lighting and more with Alexa Guard Plus.Use your Amazon Smart Plug to turn on and off compatible devices that have a mechanical on/off switch.
Certified for Humans
Introducing Certified for Humans, smart devices for non-experts. Struggle-free, tinker-free, and stress-free. No patience needed. Setup with Alexa is simple and after that, it only gets better. No more waiting on unresponsive devices or software updates to get started. It’s smart home made easy. Learn more about Certified for Humans.
Every day is an earth day
You don’t have to be an environmental scientist to make sustainable choices. We considered sustainability in the design of this smart plug. Here’s how:
Device Packaging
99% of this device’s packaging is made of wood fiber-based materials from responsibly managed forests or recycled sources.
Alexa
Track and manage the energy usage of your Alexa-connected devices with the energy dashboard in the Alexa app.
Part With Purpose
There may come a time when you want to recycle your device. Explore options with Amazon Second Chance.
Simple to set up and use
Step 1
Plug in Amazon Smart Plug. If your Alexa app says “New plug found,” go straight to Step 3.
Step 2
Tap the Devices icon in the lower right of the Alexa App, then click the + icon to get started.
Step 3
To use your device with Alexa, just say “Alexa, turn on First Plug.”
With Wi-Fi simple setup, you can make your home smart in a snap. All you need is the Alexa app to control your outlet from anywhere.