Wemo WiFi Light Switch
The Wemo WiFi Light Switch uses your existing home WiFi network to provide wireless control of your lights from anywhere in the world. No subscription or hub is required: simply install the light switch and start controlling your lights from your phone or tablet. Using the free Wemo app, you can switch your lights on and off and set worry-free schedules no matter where you are. The Wemo Light Switch also functions like a normal switch: simply press the switch to toggle your lights on or off.
Wemo WiFi Light Switch
Easy-Setup
Electrical Requirements
Control from Anywhere
Wemo Light Switch lets you wirelessly control plugged-in devices from anywhere. Simply use the free Wemo App to control your lights from the couch, the coffee shop, or the Caribbean.
Set Schedules and Timers
With Wemo Light Switch, you can set worry-free schedules for your lights. Using the free Wemo app, you can schedule a light to turn on at sunset, or keep your house comfortable by scheduling the ceiling fan to turn on before you arrive.
Protect your Home
Using Wemo Light Switch’s 'Away Mode,' you can create the illusion that you’re home even when you’re away. 'Away Mode' turns lights on and off in a random pattern.
Group and Control
Wemo gives you another level of wireless control over your Wemo devices with its long-press feature. You can group multiple Wemo devices together and configure them to respond to a 2-second button press---allowing you to control multiple Wemos with a single press.
Works with Apple HomeKit
Wemo is compatible with Apple HomeKit. Simply connect Wemo Bridge (sold separately) to your router, add it to the Apple Home app, and control your Wemo lights using the Apple Home app and Siri on an iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, or HomePod.
Works with Amazon Alexa
Wemo works seamlessly with Alexa to give you hands-free voice control over your lights. Enable the Wemo skill and pair Wemo Light Switch with Alexa to switch your lights on and off with just the power of your voice.
Works with the Google Assistant
Wemo works with the Google Assistant, allowing you to control your lights using your Google Home devices, your Android or iPhone, or any other device with built-in Google Assistant support. You’ll enjoy seamless, intuitive voice control over any device that’s connected to Wemo Light Switch.
More Features with IFTTT
'If This, Then That' is a free web-based service that lets you do amazing things with your Wemo. Turn lights and ceiling fans on before you get home or off when you leave. With IFTTT, Wemo Light Switch can even flash the lights when your favorite team scores a goal.
Mini Insight Switch Light Switch Dimmer Light Switch 3-Way
WiFi Enabled/Control From Anywhere ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Voice ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Away Mode ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Night Mode ✓
Set Schedules/Timers ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Energy Monitoring ✓
Design Plug-In Plug-In In-Wall In-Wall In-Wall
Control In-Wall Lights/Fans On/Off Dimmable On/Off
No Hub Required ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
3-Way Compatible ✓