Free Feit Electric App
Easily download and install the easy to use Feit Electric app. Simply connect to your WiFi, and control your devices from anywhere!
iOS 9.3 +
Android 4.4
Quick and easy setup
Required 2.4 GHz WiFi
No hub required
No subscription required
Your Home, Turned Smart
A smarter, more convenient way to live
Turn any home appliance smart! Use the indoor and outdoor plugs to conveniently control any appliance from coffee machines to lights, and outdoor holiday décor to water fountains simply by using a smartphone or with voice command.
Set schedules and timers
Control devices remotely
Works with Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant
Control with voice
Device sharing
Grouping
Outdoor plugs are weather resistant
Connect with AP mode if you are having challenges connecting our smart lights/bulbs to your router
Feit Electric Smart Indoor and Outdoor Plugs to Make Your Everyday Life Easier
Turn Your Home Into A Smart Home
Connect your indoor or outdoor appliances and have them work based on your everyday schedule. Use the smart indoor plugs to control heaters, fans, lights, or the outdoor plugs to control your holiday lights, string lights, ponds, fountains, and more!
Set Schedules and Timers
Have your coffee machine ready to work right when you wake up, have your outdoor string lights turn on at dusk, have your indoor lights turn on as soon as you arrive home, get your heaters and fans to turn off at a certain time. With the Feit Electric smart indoor and outdoor plugs you can have all your devices scheduled to turn on or off at a certain time.
Control Remotely
The Feit Electric indoor and outdoor smart plugs give you the convenience of controlling your home from anywhere whether you're a long way from home on vacation, or at your local grocery store.
Use Voice Commands
No hands required. Our smart indoor and outdoor plugs are compatible with Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, and Siri Shortcuts so you have full control of your devices even when you're hands are full.
Enjoy All Year Round
The Feit Electric indoor and outdoor plugs will make your life convenient all year round. Whether you are enjoying a summer night out or staying in during a cold night, you can easily plug your devices into the Feit Electric smart plugs so you can conveniently turn any device smart. These plugs are ideal for controlling your holiday decorations, or for setting the mood during your gatherings.
Enjoy A Smart Life, Energy Efficient Life
Smart, energy-efficient living starts with Feit Electric smart indoor and outdoor plugs. These plugs help save energy and money on your electric bill. How? Set schedules and timers to have your lights turn off so you'll never use more energy than is required.
PLUG/WIFI PLUG/WIFI/WP PLUG/WIFI/STK/WP DIM/WIFI
Product Dimensions 1.6 x 1.5 x 2.6 inches 1.6 x 1.5 x 2.6 inches 4.86 x 4.86 x 8 inches 5 x 3 x 1.8 inches
# of Outlets 1 2 6 N/A
Indoor/Outdoor Indoor Outdoor Outdoor Indoor
Connectivity Wi-Fi 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi 2.4 GHz
Compatible with Google Assistant ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Compatible with Amazon Alexa ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Control Remotely ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Additional Features Ideal for home appliances, lights, and more. Turn on/off, set schedules & timers, combine smart bulbs, plugs, and switches for more convenient access. Ideal for outdoor application like holiday lighting, landscape lighting or other outdoor appliances. Weather resistant. Combine devices together for more convenient access. Ideal for outdoor application like holiday lighting, landscape lighting or other outdoor appliances. Weather resistant. Combine devices together for more convenient access. Works with all dimmable incandescent, halogen, CFL or LED light bulbs. Group up to 20 smart dimmers via WiFi. Create master dimmer to control all other dimmers. Decorative wall plate included.