Self-Test GFCI Technology
At Legrand, we’ve been providing real solutions to real problems for so long, it’s almost second nature. From introducing the world’s first GFCI receptacle in 1971 to ground-breaking SafeLock Protection some 30 years later, we’ve been delivering GFCI innovations designed to enhance safety and ease installation for more than four decades.
Now, we’ve reset the bar on electrical safety again with our latest innovation: the Pass & Seymour Self-Test GFCI Receptacle.
Designed to exceed standard requirements, it’s the only GFCI that tests itself every three seconds—instead of the industry standard three hours—providing a level of reliable electrical protection that’s unprecedented. The device is also designed with a thinner profile to make more room for wires in the wall box. That means it’s not only the safest GFCI receptacle out there but also the easiest to install.

Shown in metallic nickel finish to coordinate with kitchen & bath fixtures and hardware. Other colors available.
Make sure you can spot ground fault trips quickly and resolve them easily with Pass & Seymour GFCI outlets installed in your home as required by the National Electrical Code.
GFCI outlets are part of the new radiant collection, a step up from the standard with simple, classic options in home electrical, home automation controls and screwless wall plates that fit the needs of today's modern homeowner.
radiant Tamper-Resistant Self-Test Duplex GFCI Outlets
Always Ready to Protect
Always Ready To Protect: Conducts An Automatic Test Every Three Seconds. If The Device Fails The Test, The Red Led Trip Indicator Light Flashes To Signal That The Gfci Should Be Replaced.
Proven Safelock Protection: If Critical Components Are Damaged And Protection Is Lost, Power To The Outlet Is Disconnected.
Protects Children: Tamper-resistant Automatic Shutter System Helps Prevent Improper Insertion Of Foreign Objects Meeting National Electrical Code Tamper-resistant Requirements.
New external back wire pressure plates.
New posted terminal screws for faster installation.
Improved Speed Of Side Wire Installation: As A Result Of The Redesigned Side Wire Cavity.
Prevents Line-load Reversal Mis-wire: No Power To The Face Or Downstream Outlets If Wired Incorrectly.
Feed-thru Wiring Configuration: Allows Gfci To Protect Outlets Downstream In Kitchens And Other Applications.
1597TRDBCC4 Tamper-Resistant Self-Test Duplex GFCI Outlet, Dark Bronze 1597TRDBCC4 Tamper-Resistant Self-Test Duplex GFCI Outlet, Graphite Pass & Seymour Radiant 1597TRWRW Spec-Grade 15A Self-Test Duplex GFCI, White
Color Dark Bronze Graphite White
Amps | Volts | NEMA configuration 15A | 125V | 5-15R 15A | 125V | 5-15R 15A | 125V | 5-15R
1597TRNICC4 NTL885TRNICC6 RWP262NICC6
Shop Pass & Seymour Metallic Devices Self-Test Duplex GFCI Outlet Child-Safe LED Night Light with Two 15A Tamper-Resistant Outlets Easy-Install Two-Gang Screwless Wall Plate
Metallic Finish Nickel Nickel Nickel
Residential Grade Yes Yes Yes
Special Feature Self tests every three seconds, ensuring it's always ready to protect from ground fault interruptions. 5 adjustable light levels and optional louver for more light level control. Scratch & dent resistant. No screws needed!