beamUP doesn't believe in subscriptions
"Did I leave the garage door open?"
Never wonder again!
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Check on your door status from your smartphone, Apple Watch, tablet, or desktop without an annual subscription.
Open / Closed Status & Notifications
Auto-Close Function
Recent Activity
Share Access
Create Custom Rules
The Smart Garage Door Controller
Security Starts In The Garage
Using know-how from supplying professional dealers & distributors in the garage door industry for 30 years, beam labs designed the beamUP Smart Garage Door Controller.
After the quick & easy installation, your new smart garage will provide continuous monitoring of the largest entry to your home without a service fee. Converting your existing garage with beamUP has never been easier.
Step-by-step installation manuals, video tutorials, and tech support – we are here to help.
beam will always have free integrations & automation – no subscription fees
Additional security with the Wireless Door Sentry
Manage shared access with unlimited users
Apple iOS, Apple Watch, and Android compatible
Alexa, Google Assistant, and IFTTT compatible
Real-time global access & control
Why beam Home?
The beam Home app allows for smartphone control from anywhere in the world with the swipe of a button. All without an annual subscription fee.
beam Home works with Android & iOS devices including iPhones, iPads, and the Apple Watch.
The beam Home app also has a web application for desktop or laptop access.
Download the free beam Home app from either the Google Play Store or the Apple App Store
Why beam Home?
Wireless Door Sentry
Do I Need A Hub?
Compatibility
Real-time Notifications
The beam Home app allows for real-time alerts & notifications. Whether you're at home or at work, auto-close reminders keep you secure.
"Alexa, close the garage."
beam was selected as an exclusive Amazon launch partner for the "Works With Alexa" Smart Home enhanced integration & automation program.
Sharing Access
The Smart Garage Door Controller shares access with unlimited users via the beam Home app. Let in friends & family even when you're not home.
No Annual Subscription
Smart Home security shouldn't hinge on a monthly subscription. You'll never pay a fee for Alexa, Google Assistant, IFTTT, or any other integration.