1. Download “eWeLink” on App Store for iOS or on Google Play for Android.
2. Cut off the power before installing the device. Then power it on after completing the installation.
3. After powering on, the device will enter the quick pairing mode during the first use.
4. Tap “+” to operate following the prompt on the App.
5. Input your WiFi SSID & password.
6. It will automatically search and connect the device. Name the device to complete.
SONOFF S31 Wi-Fi Smart Plug Outlet that Work with Alexa and Google Home
1. Tap "eWeLink Smart Home" on Alexa App, or "eWeLink Smart Home" on Google Home App.
2. Enter your eWeLink account and log in.
3. All the voice-controlled devices under your account display on Alexa App or Google Home App.
4. Name the devices to complete.
5. Now, control the connected devices with your voice.
“Alexa, turn on the light.”
“Hey Google, turn off the bedroom light.”
......
Only eWeLink advanced users have access to IFTTT, Costs 9.9USD and you will enjoy a full year of the privilege.
Alexa Energy Dashboard - Save on Energy Usage.
To make our homes more efficient and sustainable, Alexa officially releases the new energy dashboard that allows you to track, manage and save energy usage of SONOFF devices through Alexa app. SONOFF S31 support this new feature.
APP Control
Want to remotely control those ordinary devices like heater, lamps and other devices? The smart plug is your ideal option. Plug and play, then you can turn ON/OFF them instantly just with a light touch on eWeLink App anytime and anywhere.
Energy Monitoring
Monitor the power, current and voltage. Tracking electricity useage in the last 100 days.
Timing Schedule
Create schedule to turn the plug on and off at specific time.
LAN Control
When the router is not connected to the Wi-Fi network, you can still control the device through the App under the LAN Control mode. Note: Your phone and device must be connected to the same router.
Compatible with IFTTT
By connecting with "eWeLink Smart Home" on IFTTT App, you own unlimited possibilities to control SONOFF devices with IFTTT supported App and services. (Only eWeLink advanced users have access to IFTTT, Costs 9.9USD and you will enjoy a full year of the privilege.)
Share Devices
You can simply share home appliances to your family via App so that they can also turn on/off the devices remotely. Its easy control feature also make the elders or children enjoy smart life without difficulty.
SONOFF Smart Home