LITSPED Wifi Smart Plug Specifications:
Wireless type:Wi-Fi 2.4GHz
Operating temperature:0℃-40℃
Support system:Alexa/Home/ITFFF
Support mobile:Android/IOS
Maximum current：15A
Rated voltage:110-125V
Turn on Intelligence
Set With Amazon Alexa Echo
Setup with Smart Life at first
Open Alexa App
Search for Skill “Smart Life” and “Enable”
Sign in your Smart Life account in Alexa APP
Tap “Done” and “Discover Devices”
Enjoy Your Smart Life With LITSPED Smart Plug
Work with Alexa and Google Assistance.
Work with IFTTT
Work with Smart Life APP
Time function
Schedule feature
Family Share devices
No hub required
Hands free control
Work With Alexa Echo and Google Home
The LITSPED wifi smart plug works directly with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant to manage your devices through Voice Control. Give Alexa voice command, it will automatically turn on/off appliances that plugged in the LITSPED smart plug when your hands are busy with stuff, or turn on/off the bedroom light without getting up.
No Hub Required
It is compatible for 2.4 GHz Frequency network now. no need for a separate hub or paid subscription service. Works with IFTTT, If the smart device can't be connected to WiFi, please long press ON/OFF button for 5~10 seconds to reset the smart plug.
Set Schedule and Timer, Set Up Helpful Routines
LITSPED smart Wi-Fi Outlet allows you to create customized schedules for your appliances so that they run on your schedule. You can automating your devices like Cofree thermostats, lamps, water heater, coffee makers, fans, switches and others, help streamline your daily routine for a more efficient household.
Simple To Set Up and Use
Search "Smart Life" on App Store, Google Play or Scan the QR code on User Manual to download and install it.
Connect the plug to your local 2.4G WIFI with your phone connecting to it.
Set up your Smart Life account.
Plug LITSPED mini outlet into an AC outlet.
Add Device>ELECTRICAL OUTLET and confirm the device in the App.
Easy Mode or AP Mode(Long press on/off button of the device for about 5 seconds).
Schedule your appliances.
Family Share Devices
Share the smart plug to all family members in a minute. No more worries, everyone can control it easily.
Turn on or turn off connected devices wherever you are at any time through any internet connection. enjoy convenience of life by LITSPED wifi smart plug
Remote Control Anywhere
Turn on or turn off connected devices wherever you are at any time through your smart phone
The Smart Life APP allows you to add as many Smart Plugs as you'd like to keep track of multiple appliances, whenever, wherever.
LITSPED Wifi Smart Plug 4 Pack LITSPED Wifi Smart Plug 2 Pack LITSPED Smart Light Bulb
Work with Alexa ✓ ✓ ✓
Work with Google Home ✓ ✓ ✓
Schedule Function ✓ ✓ ✓
Voltage 110-125V 110-125V
Outdoor/Indoor Indoor Indoor Indoor
Wi-Fi Enabled ✓ ✓ ✓