At a Glance:
Remote control devices
Set schedules/timers
Away Mode
Works with Alexa
Wemo Switch
The Wemo Switch Wi-Fi Smart Plug uses your existing home Wi-Fi network to provide wireless control of your lights and appliances. Using the free Wemo app, you can turn on a space heater in your garage or a fan in your kitchen, even if you're miles from home.
No subscription or hub is required: simply plug Wemo Switch into an electrical outlet, connect a device to the Smart Plug, and wirelessly control your device using a tablet or phone. This makes it easy to put a living room lamp on a schedule or – for peace of mind – randomize your home lights when you're on vacation so it looks like you're home.
What's in the Box:
Wemo Switch Smart Plug
Quick Start Guide
Set Schedules and Timers
Using the free Wemo app, you can schedule a lamp to turn on at sunset, or keep your house comfortable in the summer by scheduling a fan to turn on at noon.
Turn Off Appliances Remotely
If you have a habit of accidentally leaving an appliance – such as a curling iron – on, Wemo Switch Smart Plug offers peace of mind by allowing you to turn it off, even if you're already halfway to the office.
Protect Your Home with Away Mode
Using Wemo ‘Away Mode', you can create the illusion that you’re at home even when you’re away. 'Away Mode' turns plugged-in lights on and off in a random pattern.
Hands-Free Control with Alexa
When paired with Amazon Alexa, the Wemo Switch Smart Plug gives you hands-free voice control over your devices. Turn your lights, appliances, or an entire room on or off using just your voice.
Compatible with Nest
The Wemo Switch Smart Plug pairs with Nest’s Thermostat to offer a range of automatic control options. The Thermostat detects when you’re home or away and syncs with Wemo Switch. Use Nest compatibility to turn a fan off when the house is empty, or have your lights switch on when you come back home.
Add More Features with IFTTT
'If This, Then That' is a free web-based service that lets you do amazing things with your Wemo. Turn lamps, coffee makers, fans and other electronics on when you’re almost home or off when you leave. With IFTTT, Wemo can even schedule the lights to turn on automatically when you open the garage. Visit the site to find 'recipes' for your Wemo Switch.
Switch Mini Insight Switch Light Switch
Wi-Fi Enabled ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Control from Anywhere ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Alexa ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Away Mode ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Set Schedules/Timers ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Energy Monitoring ✓
Design Plug-In Plug-In Plug-In In-Wall
Control Lights/Fans ✓
No Hub Required ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓