Free Feit Electric App
Easily download and install the easy to use Feit Electric app. Simply connect to your WiFi, and control your devices from anywhere!
iOS 9.3 +
Android 4.4
Quick and easy setup
Works on 2.4 GHz
No hub required
Feit Electric Smart Wi-Fi Dimmer
No Smart Lights? No Problem!
Use the Feit Electric Smart Dimmer and turn your home's lighting into smart lighting. The Feit Electric Smart Dimmer allows you to have your lights sync with your daily routine. Start your day off with invigorating light, and dim down at the end of a day for a relaxed mood. Control with the Feit Electric App or use simple voice commands. Easily turn lights on/off, dim, set groups, timers, or schedules, it’s all up to you.
*NOTE: a neutral wire is required for installation
Turn on/off, dim with your smartphone.
Manage lighting remotely.
Control with voice assistant.
Set schedules or create automations, group multiple dimmers, make one dimmer the master dimmer
Upgrades your existing lights to smart control.
Replaces single pole dimmer or 3-way switch
Includes decorative wall plate
Works with all dimmable incandescent, halogen, CFL or LED light bulbs
Build A Smarter Home Using Your Regular Light Bulbs, Lamps, and Fixtures
Set the Right Ambiance Throughout Your Day
It has never been easier to customize your home’s lighting to suit your lifestyle. Set your desired brightness to set the perfect scene for any activity from having dinner with your family to working and reading your favorite book. Dim up or down using the Feit Electric app, with voice commands, or manually.
Put Your Lights on a Schedule
Use your Feit Electric smart app to schedule your smart dimmer to automatically switch your lights on and off when you’re home or away to deter unwanted visitors and set your mind at ease. With the Feit Electric Smart Wi-Fi Dimmer you'll never come home to a dark house, just set your smart dimmer on a schedule and your lights will go on in time to welcome you home!
Control From Anywhere
With the Feit Electric Smart Wi-Fi Dimmer, you'll enjoy the flexibility of being able to control your lighting wherever you are. Whether relaxing at home or miles away on a vacation, manage your home's lighting as long as you are connected to a Wi-Fi or cellular network. It's all at your fingertips!
Feit Electric Smart Indoor and Outdoor Plugs to Make Your Everyday Life Easier
Turn Your Home Into A Smart Home
Connect your indoor or outdoor appliances and have them work based on your everyday schedule. Use the smart indoor plugs to control heaters, fans, lights, or the outdoor plugs to control your holiday lights, string lights, ponds, fountains, and more!
Set Schedules and Timers
Have your coffee machine ready to work right when you wake up, have your outdoor string lights turn on at dusk, have your indoor lights turn on as soon as you arrive home, get your heaters and fans to turn off at a certain time. With the Feit Electric smart indoor and outdoor plugs you can have all your devices scheduled to turn on or off at a certain time.
Control Remotely
The Feit Electric indoor and outdoor smart plugs give you the convenience of controlling your home from anywhere whether you're a long way from home on vacation, or at your local grocery store.