Works with Amazon Alexa, Google Home and phone app Smart Life, no hubs required, control your home applicances just with your fingers or voice.
Get rid of your remote controllers, get our Smart IR Remote Blaster and make all things under control in one tiny device.
Multi Function Options including Remote Control, Time Scheduled, DIY(Learning) and etc. Find the one that suits you most.
Tiny But Advanced and Powerful
About 70g / 0.15lbs with USB Type-C charging cable with all-degree IR signal.
Automatically WiFi connected and works with Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant and phone App, both for Android and iOS.
All-in-One IR remote blaster would help you get rid of those former ugly and simple remote controllers, come with a new feeling of finger touch control and voice control.
How can one set up the Smart IR Remote controller to communicate with Alexa?
1.Open the Alexa app on your smartphone, add “Smart Life” in Skills.
2.Then, Alexa will prompt you to successfully connect the smart ir remote, you can say: "Alexa, turn on the air conditioner ".
3.Alexa quickly discovers devices connected to the smart remote via an automated search. After that you can voice control your device via Alexa.
Google Home Voice Control
The Smart Life/Tuya app can link with Google Assistant as well, then Alexa can also connect to your devices those are added to your Smart Life or Tuya.
More Function Exploration
With full set of door open sensors, PIR, temperature sensors and more sensor combinations in Smart Life/Tuya app, you can DIY your own home automation system condition chains, like when you come home and open your door, then let the IR blaster turn your AC on; when the temperature is high, then let the IR blaster turn on your AC; when you close the door and leave home, then let the IR blaster turn off your TV, fans and ACs.
Useful Time Scedule Function
Time Schedule function will help you never miss the any sports games, shows, TV series and etc, like when you have an intense match with your friends and have a very important game at 7:00PM, you can have a rest on your couch, set your TV on at 6:50PM with the channel you want, and then enjoy the game.
Frankever Smart Universal All-in-One Remote Controller Box support most home appliances with IR frequency at 38K Hz with multi-angle directions in 10 meter range. The default device types are STB, TV, Air Conditioner, TV Box, Fans and DVD of most branded and popular manufactures all over the world.
The DIY function can be more useful in case when you have a home appliance which are not included in the default type, you can use it to learn and simulate your remote controller, like camera remote control,
When all settings are done, you can remote control all your device via your mobile phone and voice with assistant of Amazon Alexa, Google Home.
Compatible with Many Brands
Supports many brands of devices, such as Casarte/Philips/Roku/BOSCH/Sony/Panasonic/LG/Hisense, etc. For details, please download the Application Guide (PDF) from the Product guides and documents section at the bottom of the details page.
Bluetooth String Lights Smart IR Remote Control Mini Smart Plug WIFI Sprinkler Water Timer WIFI Water Valve 23-Gauge Flat Speaker Wire
Timing ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
App Control ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Voice Control ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Application Create a romantic atmosphere Universal Remote Control Enables ordinary appliances to be switched on and off remotely and intelligently Remote Smart Irrigator Remote smart water valve that controls water flow rate Make cluttered audio cables invisible