BN-LINK is a direct distributor of premium quality home improvement products, including Smart plugs, indoor and outdoor timers, indoor and outdoor outlet switches, remote control outlets, heating, and cooling thermostat controllers. Every purchase of a BN-LINK product comes with:
Quick and friendly support
Quality and reliability you can trust
BN-LINK Heavy Duty Outdoor Smart WiFi Plug Timer Outlet Switch
The future is now. Use the BN-LINK Outdoor Smart Wi-Fi Outlet with 1 outlet to turn electronics on or off from anywhere with your smartphone using the app or by simply giving voice commands to Alexa or Google Assistant. No Hub Required.
Works with Alexa for voice control (Alexa device sold separately)
Turn electronics on or off from anywhere with your smartphone using the app or by simply giving voice commands to Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant. No Hub Required
Schedule the Smart Plug to automatically power electronics on and off as needed, like setting lights to come on at dusk or turn off at sunrise.
Save power usage with timer function. You can effectively cut your usage so that you can save money on your next electric bill
Requires a secured 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi network Only
Connect with AP mode when you are having trouble connecting our smart plug to your router
Modify the device name so your Amazon Alexa can easily recognize the name. For Example: Living Room Lamp, Bedroom Light.
Use Alexa App or Computer to set up your Amazon Alexa.
In the menu bar, go to 'Skills' and search for 'Smart Life'. Enable Skill, then type in your login info from your app account to finish the account linking.
Ask Alexa to discover devices. Then you can control your devices using voice through your Amazon Alexa product.
Tap on the “+” sign on the top right corner of the screen
Choose “Add Manually” >”Electrician”> “Socket (Wifi)”
Enter your wifi network’s name and password and tap next
Plug in your smart product and press the power button for 5 seconds until the indicator light begins flashing quickly (you may hear a click) to reset the device
Tap “Confirm indicator rapidly blink”
Please note: Steps may vary
Tap “+” symbol (top right corner)>“Add Manually” >”Electrician”> “Socket (Wifi)”
Tap “Net Pairing Mode” on the top right corner of the screen >Select “AP Mode”
Press the power button for 5 sec until the indicator lights begin flashing quickly, then press again for another 5 sec until indicator lights begins flashing slowly
Tap “Confirm indicator slowly blink”
Select “Go to Connect”> In your phone’s settings, go to the wifi networks, then select the wifi network that says “Smartlife-XXXX”
Once connected to the network, go back to the app and wait for connection
Weather Proof, Versatile and Reliable
The unit is Weatherproof rated for extra protection against the elements for great versatility and functionality.
Smart Schedules
Schedule the Smart Plug to automatically power most heavy-duty electronics on and off as needed, like setting lights to come on at dusk or turn off at sunrise.
Heavy Duty
Our smart plug is designed to work with most plug-in appliances such as lamps, fans, radios, aquarium, Holiday decoration, crockpot, towel warmers, fountains, speakers, and chargers.
BN-LINK Heavy Duty Single Outlet Outdoor Smart WiFi Plug Timer Outlet Switch BN-LINK Heavy Duty Dual Outlet Outdoor Smart WiFi Plug Timer Outlet Switch BN-LINK Heavy Duty Three Outlet Outdoor Smart WiFi Plug Timer Outlet Switch BN-LINK WiFi Smart Plug Outlet, 2-Pack (Indoor)
Compatible with Alexa and Google Assistant ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Indoor/Outdoor Indoor and Outdoor Indoor and Outdoor Indoor and Outdoor Indoor
Plug In/In-Wall Plug In Plug In Plug In Plug In
Number of Outlets 1 2 3 1
Voice Control ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Controlled by App ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓