APP Control Christmas Tree and Other Lights, Have A Different Christmas
High Quality---The updated version of smart electrical outlet brings you the best shopping experience, fireproof materials ensure the safety of your electrical appliances.
Safety---The safety of hardware and the anti-oxidation of materials have been tested by a large number of safety teams of professional R&D teams.
More Convenience--- Smart WiFi plug support Voice Control and Remote Control.
Enjoy Smart Life---Share the smart plug with your family by sharing the device. The Alexa plug makes you happy every day.
Enjoyed the convenience of voice control
This Alexa smart power strip can be controlled through the app. The 3 AC outlet (controlled separately) and 3 USB port (controlled together) Intelligent help you control device anytime anywhere.
A lot of convenience for you and your family!
Just say: "Alexa, Turn on the.....".
How to connect to app
Download the APP by scanning QR or searching. （Android5.0 or iOS 13.0 or above）
Turn on the plug and put it close to the router when start pairing with APP.（Set your WiFi as 2.4G Wi-Fi for successful pairing）
Press and hold the power button for 5-10 seconds until the indicator light will rapidly blink fast, EZ mode is available and wait for connected.
Or try the second way, re-press and hold the on/off button for 5 seconds when the indicator blinking fast, then indicator light become blinking slow, AP mode is available and wait for connected.
Note: When the plug changed network environment, you need to restore the factory settings (Remove the socket from outlet and plug in again, press and hold on to the power button for about 5-10 seconds), and then reconnect to the network
Only support 2.4Ghz WiFi while connecting with APP. Apply to home appliances which Max load power1200W,10A, please check the load of your appliance before plugging in.
Once connected, you can use your phone via 4G or 5G Wi-Fi to turn on/off the smart life plugs anywhere, Please keep the smart mini plug stay on 2.4G Wi-Fi range always.
Tips for Quick Connection:
If the smart device can't be connected to Wi-Fi, please long press On/Off button for 5~10 seconds to reset the tuya smart plug or change the Easy mode to AP mode which is more compatible.
The smart socket only works with 2.4 Ghz network. If your router broadcasts both 2.4 and 5 Ghz, please selected the 2.4 Ghz network with the app.
Please try to make your smart life outlet and router as close as possible when first connection, you can change the place after connecting successfully.