Easier Faster Bluetooth Connection
Easier and stable for experiencing for managing your smart home on POPOTAN app (Compatible Smart Life app too).
Maximum current: 10A.
Rated voltage: 120V.
Rated power: 1100W.
Input voltage: 100~240V.
APP supports operating system: Android 4.1 \ IOS 8.0 version and above.
Build your smart life
Aoycocr Bluetooth WiFi Smart Plug, upgraded Bluetooth wi-fi technology for Year 2021. No matter when and where, you can control home appliances through software, do wireless life more faster and easier.
Share control with your family
You can program multiple devices for Group so that you can turn on/off devices at the same time; You can share devices with other families' accounts so that your families can also control the outlets.
Works with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant.
Remote Control.
Voice Control.
Safe and Energy Saving.
Set Schedules or Timer.
Create Groups for Multiple Devices.
Only 2.4G network is required.
ETL/FCC/ROHS Certified.
Aoycocr Bluetooth Wifi Smart Plug Main Functions
Remote Control from Everywhere
Once finished setting up Smart Life App through 2.4GHz Wi-Fi, you can wirelessly control your home devices from anywhere via 3G/4G/Wi-Fi network.
With the remote access, you can check the real-time status of your device anytime and anywhere. You don’t need to worry about the forgetting devices anymore after you’re out.
Smart Life App/POPOTAN app compatible with iOS and Android smart phone.
Set Schedule or Timer
You can use the free app (Smart Life/Tuya App/POPOTAN app) to create Timer/ Countdown for connected electronics based on your time routines. The users will control their decoration lights via timer functions after connecting these wireless plugs.
Scheduling also helps lower your electricity bill by keeping power-hungry devices off when they you are not needed.
Works well with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant
Compatible with Amazon Alexa/Google Home.
Control your home electrics and appliances via a voice to Amazon Alexa or Google home,it will automatically turn on/off,make your life samrt and easier.
POPOTAN Connection Steps
Step 1： Search "POPOTAN" on App store, Google Play or Scan the QR code on user manual to download and install it.
Step 2：Set up your POPOTAN account and plug Aoycocr wifi smart plug into an AC outlet.
Step 3：Use Bluetooth function for connection automatically and pair to your wifi network for smart control.
The frequency needs to be set to 2.4GHz in order to connect to the smart plug successfully.
Aoycocr Wifi Smart Plugs Aoycocr Wifi & Bluetooth Smart Plugs Aoycocr Smart Outdoor Dimmer Aoycocr Smart Candelabra Bulbs Aoycocr Smart Flood Bulb Aoycocr Smart Fairy lights
Model X5P BX5P X19 Q2SCWM Q10SCWM MSL2
Bluetooth Connection BLE5.0 compatible BLE4.0 BLE5.0 compatible BLE4.0 BLE5.0 compatible BLE4.0 BLE5.0 compatible BLE4.0 BLE5.0 compatible BLE4.0
Wifi Conection 2.4Ghz 2.4Ghz 2.4Ghz 2.4Ghz 2.4Ghz 2.4Ghz
Works with Amazon Alexa ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Google Home ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Scheduling & Timer ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Group Control ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Create Smart Scenario ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Music Sync ✓ ✓ ✓