Switch your lights and devices on/ off by using your voice or an app, and control them remotely.
Onvis smart plug features cutting-edge technology with Matter, Thread, With Matter, users are no longer tied to specific platforms and works with all certified smart home platforms, such as Apple Home, Amazon Alexa, Google Home and Samsung SmartThings.
Requirements: iOS/iPadOS 16.4 (or later) / Android 8.1 (or later); Matter controller / Thread Border Router
Input: AC 120v~，60Hz
Wireless Connection: Thread
Commission: Bluetooth
Dimensions: 2.55 x 1.53 x 1.94 in
Flexible Scheduling & Timer
With Onvis smart plugs that work with alexa, reduce energy usage with automatic device shutdown after a set time, like Chrismas Tree, TV, Lamp, Fan, Humidifier,Blenders, Lightbulbs
Smart plug with remote makes your life easier , you can turn on the light beside your bed before you go to your bedroom.
What hub do you need ?
Requires: Onvis smart plug requires a hub of your chosen platform (Apple: Apple TV 4K (2nd gen), Apple TV 4K (3rd gen, 128 GB), HomePod (2nd gen), HomePod mini / Samsung: SmartThings Hub v3 / Amazon: Echo (4th gen) / Google: Nest Hub (2nd gen), Nest Hub Max, Nest Wifi Pro)
Notice: iOS/iPadOS 16.4 or above or Android 8.1 or above are needed
Thread technology
What is Thread, and why is it important to Matter and the smart home?
Thread is a wireless protocol specifically built for IoT devices. It’s designed to make them work faster, have fewer points of failure, use less power, and communicate with each other more seamlessly.
A low-power, low-bandwidth mesh networking protocol that uses the 802.15.4 radio technology, Thread is similar to existing smart home protocols Zigbee and Z-Wave. But unlike them, it doesn’t need a central hub or bridge. Instead, Thread devices can talk directly to each other. By cutting out the middle man, Thread can be faster, especially over large networks.
One of benefits of using Thread devices is that you will have fewer devices using your WIFI network. Also, if one device in your Thread network fails, another device will step up and fill in the roles of the failed device. This is the self-healing feature of Thread.
Onvis Smart Button Onvis Contact Sensor Onvis Motion Sensor Onvis Led Strip Onvis Led Strip
Wifi NO NO NO ✓ ✓
Works with Apple HomeKit ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Alexa&Google Assistant NO NO NO NO NO
Remote&Timing ✓ ✓ ✓
Bluetooth Connection ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Google Assistant