Product : WIFI Smart Switch
Model : SS-8839-02 (Smile Face)
WIFI : 2.4 Ghz
Application : Smart Life
Rated Voltage : AC 90-250V
Rated Current : 10A (Max)
AC Frequency : 50-60Hz
Max Power : 2200W for 220V, 1100W for 110V
Quantity : 1 pc
Net weight : 85g
Color : Grey & Brown
Material : ABS
Size : 88*35*27mm
Save Energy & Money by Keeping the House on Your Hand
eMylo smart wifi switch allows you to plan schedules to automatically power on or off your home appliances at anywhere/anytime.
The automatically schedules can help you to managing your power consuming home appliances from being left no longer than needed. It can avoid energy waste and save your money in your pocket.
Time & Aera Unlimited
Emylo Smart Wifi Switch transmits data to a cloud platform through the Wi-Fi Router, which enables you to remote control the connected appliances from anywhere at any time with Ios Andriod.
"Smart Life" Application
eMylo Smart Wifi Switch can be controlled through your existing Wi-Fi network via the “Smart Life” App.
Download the app to your smartphone or tablet and have access to turn your home devices on/off, set schedules, and monitor energy usage.
The switch can remote control home appliance on/off from anywhere at any time with Ios Andriod.
About eMylo
eMylo provide 12-month valid period for quality-related issues and friendly customer guidence.
Our goal is able to offer customer high-quality innovative products at low cost.
Voice Control System
The Smart Wifi switch can works with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant to manage your devices through Voice Control. It's simple and convenient, providing you a comfortable and relax life.
Widely Use
eMylo Smart Wifi Switch can be widely applied to most household appliances and lamps, as long as the device has network ,customers can remotely control the connected home appliance on/off as they need.
Smart Scenes Mode
Schedule the Smart Wifi Switch to automatically switch on and off when away or back.It’s simple and easy,giving you one less thing to worry about in your busy life.
Share Control
One key sharing,with this function, 1 device can be shared to family members/friends,the elderly and Children to Control your smart home.