Our Story
One day, the 3-year-old daughter told me:
‘Dad, stars in room and garden’.
‘stars at home?’, I was curious. ‘stars tinkle in the sky?’,
‘No, at home’, ‘the lights blink like stars in the garden’,
my 6-year-old son explained what his sister said.
I came to the garden, string lights in the garden weak and flash,
I was frustrated to found that, when dim the lights to higher bright,
no flicker but too bright, when dim down to low bright, flicker.
I thought I should do something, thus I found LEDIMWO,
focus on no flicker led lights and dimmer.
You can adjust brightness of your dimmable lights with Alexa or Google Assistant voice assistants, free your hands and make trivial things easier.
The smart dimmer plug can be controlled far away from the house by Smart Life App via Internet. (Ensure your device is connected to 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi network.)
A schedule can be set on APP to turn the lights on/off automatically at specified time. If several lights applied, they can also be dimmed together in one command by configuring them into a group.
If you want to turn off the light after the specified time, please set a countdown timer, when the countdown time is up, the dimmer plug will automatically turn off.
This smart dimmer provides a super strong WiFi signal, so you can easily control your outdoor string lights indoors.
IP64 rating helps protect your dimmer plug from dust intrusion and water splashes, you can safely use this dimmer plug outdoors exposed to rain, snow and dust.
6 inch 12W 3CCT 12Pack/6Pack 6 inch 12W single color 12Pack/6Pack 4 inch 9W 3CCT 12Pack 4 inch 9W /6 inch 12W 3CCT 1Pack Smart Dimmer Plug 1Pack
Wattage 12W 12W 9W 9W/12W 150W LED, 150W CFL, 300W INC
Luminous flux >1000lm >1000lm >700lm >700lm/1000lm
CCT 3CCT 3000/4000/5000K 3CCT 3CCT
Dimming rang 5%-100% 5%-100% 5%-100% 5%-100% 1%-100%
Flicker No No No No No
Damp location Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
App Control Yes
Work with Alexa/Google Home Yes
Q : Dimmer plug can't connect to Wifi router?
A : There are several problems that can affect the Wifi connection:
Whether the Wifi router has turned on the 2.4G mode, because this dimmer plug only supports 2.4G Wifi, not 5G Wifi.
When configuring the network, the distance between the Wifi router and the dimmer plug should be closer.
Whether the dimmer plug has entered the configuration network mode, and whether the red indicator light is flashing. (When the dimmer plug is powered on, quickly press the button on the dimming socket 4 times, wait for a few seconds, the red indicator light will flash twice per second, and the dimmer plug will enter the default configuration network mode.)
Turning on the Bluetooth on the mobile phone will help the SmartLife App quickly find the dimmer plug.
Q : Could this dimmer plug be controlled by only one phone?
A : Can be controlled by several phones. Add members in home management, invite several family members to control the dimmer plug,
all family members must register smart life accounts, all the family members can control the dimmer plug if add successfully.
Q : Can this dimmer plug be manually controlled?
A : Yes of course. There is a button on dimmer plug, if tap the button in short time, can turn on/off the lights, white indicate lights will be
on/off when turn on/off the lights; when the lights is on, if tap the button in long time, can then dim up and down, and then down to up,
cyclically, release the button, and the brightness will stop at the current brightness.