GreenSun Smart Plug WiFi Outlet Socket--- Let Smart Life Start From This Moment.
Handsfree Intelligent Voice Control---Making Your Home Life More Intelligent.
Do you want to free your hands and control your home devices at any time? Have you ever turned off your household appliances when you go out? Or do you want to be able to remotely control your home devices?
In your home, the GreenSun wifi smart plug works perfectly with Amazon Alexa voice assistant or Google assistant, allowing you to remotely control appliances with just one plug and play, making it easy for you to automate your home and enjoy a smarter, more comfortable, and more convenient life and fun.
With simple voice commands, the smart socket can be controlled without the need for manual opening and closing of the socket, eliminating the need for frequent use of mobile phones or remote controls, making operation more convenient. Especially suitable for scenarios that require remote control of household appliances through mobile phones.
USB Interface & Heat Dissipation Design---Intelligent Life Fills Every Corner of Your Life.
1. With a USB port and an AC socket port, you can independently control the switch status of the WiFi smart socket according to your own needs, achieving more flexible power management and saving you more space!
2. The shell is equipped with a heat dissipation hole design, which promotes heat dissipation through air flow, allowing the socket to operate within a safe temperature range, avoiding long-term high load use of the socket, and ensuring good heat dissipation and safety performance.
Remote Control function - Control Home Devices Anytime, Anywhere
1.Convenient and fast: You can remotely manage and control the switch of the socket anytime, anywhere, without the need to personally operate the socket, without being limited by time and location;
2. Energy conservation: You can use your phone and turn off unused electrical equipment anytime and anywhere, avoiding unnecessary energy waste and promptly closing the socket.
Schedule & Time Function---More Reasonable Scheduling to Improve Efficiency
1. The schedule function of the smart socket can turn on or off the device at the specified time according to the user's needs, and automatically control the switch of the socket. For example, setting the timer to turn on the coffee machine according to the waking time allows you to enjoy the hot coffee after waking up, saving you time and energy, and better arranging your daily life.
2. The function of setting a timer switch can automatically turn off the socket in a timely manner, avoiding safety hazards caused by prolonged use of electrical appliances, improving the safety level of households, and avoiding unnecessary energy waste.