Refoss Smart WiFi Plug Support Apple HomeKit
Remote control with the Refoss / Apple Home app
Free up your hands by using simple voice commands with Alexa/Google Home/Siri
Work automatically after creating on/off schedules or set auto-off timer routine
Compact size occupies only one socket and no hub required
The configuration guide in Apple Home/Refoss app allows you to set up the plug in 2 minutes.
HomeKit is available as a foundational layer of security for your smart home. Make Your Home as Secure as Smart
Technical Details
Input: 100-125V, 50/60Hz, 15A
Output: 100-125V, 50/60Hz, 15A max load
WiFi Required: 2.4 GHz only
Button: On/Off Button,press and hold for 5 seconds to initiate factory reset process
Package Contents: Smart Wi-Fi Plug and Installation Guide
Remote Control
Control your device from anywhere anytime with internet access. Download the Refoss app from APP Store/Google Play. Then connect the smart plug to the app.
No more worrying about leaving the device on when you are out!
Not Only Works with Apple Homekit
Refoss smart plug uses Wi-Fi for a seamless connection directly to not just HomeKit but also works with Alexa and Google Home.
Alexa, turn the light on/off.
OK Google, turn the fan on/off.
Customize Scenes
Home app lets you create custom scenes that will turn on/off several devices at the same time.
These scenes can be activated automatically at a set time, or when certain conditions are met, such as ''Hey Siri, good morning''.
Schedule Settings
Monitor real-time light status when you are out home.
The smart mini plug will automatically turn on or off any home appliances according to the schedule you set, energy, and cost savings.
Easy to Installation
Step1 Plug the device into a socket
Step2 Open the Refoss app > choose Smart Plug Mini > choose HomeKit Version
Step3 Scan the QR code
Step4 Connect with HomeKit
Enjoy the Smart Life with Your Family
Easily share devices with your family, and enjoy the convenience of life together.
Group controls all your Refoss products with one tap with Refoss App, like smart plug, outdoor smart plug, and garage door opener.
User-friendly Smart Plugs for Android Users
For iOS users: We do recommend that you configure HomeKit products in the Refoss app first. The Refoss app offers the latest firmware updates so that you can use the firmware more stably and securely. Once paired up with Refoss app, the devices can be controlled in both Refoss and the Home app.
For Android users: It works with Android smartphones or tablets with OS 4.1 or higher. Android users will have an effortless experience when configure with the Refoss app.
Wi-Fi request: If you have a Mesh Wi-Fi name for both your 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi, it fails during setup. You may need to turn off the 5GHz on your Wi-Fi router temporarily. Make sure that your smart device is always covered by a strong Wi-Fi signal, otherwise, your smart device may not respond to the Home app.
Smart Plug 4 Pack Smart Light Switch Smart Garage Door Opener Smart Bulb Smart Outdoor Plug Smart Garage Door Opener
Works with Apple HomeKit ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ No
App Control ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Amazon Alexa ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Works with Google Home ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
No Hub Required ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓