BN-LINK is a direct distributor of premium quality home improvement products, including Smart plugs, indoor and outdoor timers, indoor and outdoor outlet switches, remote control outlets, heating and cooling thermostat controllers. Every purchase of a BN-LINK product comes with:
Quick and friendly customer support
Quality and reliability you can trust
BN-LINK Outdoor Smart Wi-Fi Outlet with 3 Sockets
Use the BN-LINK Outdoor Smart Wi-Fi Outlet with 3 Sockets to turn electronics on or off from anywhere with your smartphone using the app or by simply giving voice commands to Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant. No Hub Required.
Works with Alexa for voice control (Alexa device sold separately)
Turn electronics on or off from anywhere with your smartphone using the app or by simply giving voice commands to Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant.
Schedule the Smart Plug to automatically power electronics on and off as needed, like setting lights to come on at dusk or turn off at sunrise.
Save power usage with timer function. You can effectively cut your usage so that you can save money on your next electric bill
Three smart outlets turn on and off simultaneously.
Requires a secured 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi network connection.
How to connect to Alexa and Google Home
Modify device name so your Amazon Alexa can easily recognize the name. For Example: Living Room Lamp, Bedroom Light.
Use Alexa App or Computer to set up your Amazon Alexa.
In the menu bar, go to 'Skills' and search for 'Smart Life'. Enable Skill, then type in your login info from your app account to finish the account linking.
Ask Alexa to discover devices. Then you can control your devices using voice through your Amazon Alexa product.
Set Up in EZ (Fast-Blinking) Mode (2.4 Ghz Network Only, Tuya Smart or Smart Life App only)
Tap on the “+” sign on the top right corner of the screen
Choose “Add Manually” >”Electrician”> “Socket (WiFi)”
Enter your WiFi network’s name and password and tap next
Plug in your smart product and press the power button for 5 seconds until the indicator light begins flashing quickly (you may hear a click) to reset the device
Tap “Confirm indicator rapidly blink”
Please note: Steps may vary
Trouble Connecting? Try AP (Slow-Blinking) Mode
Tap “+” symbol (top right corner)>“Add Manually” >”Electrician”> “Socket (WiFi)”
Tap “Net Pairing Mode” on the top right corner of the screen >Select “AP Mode”
Press the power button for 5 sec until the indicator lights begin flashing quickly, then press again for another 5 sec until indicator lights begins flashing slowly
Tap “Confirm indicator slowly blink”
Select “Go to Connect”> In your phone’s settings, go to the WiFi networks, then select the WiFi network that says “Smartlife-XXXX”
Once connected to the network, go back to the app and wait for connection
Please note: Steps may vary
BN-LINK Smart Outlet Technical Specifications
Voltage 125V 60Hz
Max. Current 15A
Max. Power 1875W
Number of Outlets 3
Working Environment Indoor&Outdoor use, IP44 weatherproof.
Wi-Fi Requirement Only support 2.4GHz Wi-Fi network.
Trouble Connecting? Connect with AP mode when your Wi-Fi doesn't support 2.4GHz network
BN-LINK Smart Plug Outlet with Three Grounded Outlets BN-LINK Smart Plug Outlet with Two Grounded Outlets BN-LINK Smart Plug Outlet with One Grounded Outlet BN-LINK Smart Dimmer Plug with One Grounded Outlet
Compatible with Alexa and Google Assistant ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Indoor/Outdoor ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Plug In/In-Wall Plug In Plug In Plug In Plug In
Number of Outlets 3 2 1 1
Voice Control ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Controlled by App BN-LINK Smart/Smart Life/Tuya Smart BN-LINK Smart/Smart Life/Tuya Smart BN-LINK Smart/Smart Life/Tuya Smart BN-LINK Smart/Smart Life/Tuya Smart
Dimmer Function ✓