HBN is a brand owned by Century Products, a distributor of premium quality home improvement products, including smart plugs, indoor and outdoor timers, indoor and outdoor outlet switches, remote control outlets, heating and cooling thermostat controllers. Every purchase of a HBN product comes with:
Quick and friendly customer support
Quality and reliability you can trust
HBN Outdoor Weatherproof Smart WiFi Electrical Outlet Switch (Black) 3 Grounded Outlets
Seamlessly control your home's outdoor lights, decor, fountains, and more all with your phone!
1x HBN Outdoor WiFi Smart Plug
Connect with the HBN Smart Wifi Plug with the SmartLife or TuyaSmart app
Having trouble connecting with your WiFi? Try AP Mode
Weather Resistant
HBN smart outlet is water resistant. Great for outdoor use. Please place the plug as least 2 feet off the ground with the plug pointing straight down to avoid water damage.
Hands Free Control
The HBN Outdoor Wi-Fi Smart Plugs is compatible with Alexa and Google Home. After connecting the smart plugs with HBN Smart, you can sync the smart plugs with Alexa and Google Home and use voice commands!
Control from Anywhere
With the HBN Outdoor Wi--Fi Smart Plugs, you can control any lights and settings for any space. Plug the smart plug anywhere and control the smart plug anywhere as long as the phone has Wi-Fi.
Schedule Function
Schedule your Wi-Fi plug to turn on or off at designated times. No more forgetting about turning off your lights.
Control Your Decoration
Use the HBN Outdoor Wi-Fi Smart Plugs for your decorations. Use the Wi-Fi smart plugs to connect to any apparatus needed for any outdoor appliance.
The Rating are as follows: 1875W/ 15A, 625W Tungsten / 5A, 1/2 HP
For Everyday Outdoor Use
Have lights outdoor that you need to control? Simply use the schedule feature in the HBN Smart app and set the times you need your patio lights on and off. Maintenance and hassle free.
Outdoor Smart Plug Outdoor Smart Outlet Smart Yard Stake Remote Control Outlet Remote Control Plug Outdoor Remote Outlet
Works with HBN Smart ✓ ✓ ✓ X X X
Works with Amazon Alexa ✓ ✓ ✓ X X X
Works with Google Assistant ✓ ✓ ✓ X X X
Voice Control ✓ ✓ ✓ X X X
Remote Control ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
No Hub Required ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓